fix(Suggestion): use latest u-combobox to fix controlled suggestion (#3833)
digdir/designsystemet: .changeset/soft-forks-hammer.md

---
"@digdir/designsystemet-react": patch
---

> **Suggestion**: now triggers change on option-click, enter or blur - not while typing

Reviewer: Eg ville tolka "option-click" som å klikke mens man held option-knappen på mac, så forslag:
```suggestion
**Suggestion**: now triggers change on enter or blur, or when clicking an option - not while typing
```
